User Update Step Connected Content Warning (#5801)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/user_update.md

* Liquid logic (including [aborting messages]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/liquid/aborting_messages/))
* Multiple attribute or event updates per object

{% alert warning %}

> Carful using Connected Content in your liquid personalisation of User Update steps. The User Update step has it's own rate limit and will not respect the Canvas rate limit.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend careful use of Connected Content Liquid personalization in User Update steps as this step type has a rate limit of 200k requests per minute. This rate limit overrides the Canvas rate limit.
```

> We recommend careful use of Connected Content Liquid personalization in User Update steps as this step type has a rate limit of 200k requests per minute. This rate limit overrides the Canvas rate limit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend careful use of Connected Content Liquid personalization in User Update steps, as this step type has a rate limit of 200,000 requests per minute. This rate limit overrides the Canvas rate limit.
```
